It's time to take a stand
withThe Gifted.
-People need something
to believe in.
-Ahh!
Catch all-new episodes Tuesdays.
And check out
our other Fox programs--
9-1-1, The Resident,
andLethal Weapon.
-Hey, partner.
-Only on Fox.
Anyone can stand up to an enemy.
I need people who are
strong enough
to stand up to their friends.
Any of you ever heard
the name "Reeva Payge"?
She had taken over
the Inner Circle.
-So help us stop her.
-There is a mutant.
Goes by Erg.
Nothing happens in town
he doesn't know about.
-And he'll help?
-He might.
I talked to Erg.
He said that the Frosts
were tapping into a data cable
under the Health Department.
-What's going on?
-I've been getting the headaches
since Andy left.
I don't know what's happening.
When I touch things,
they've been crumbling.
You could have come to me.
This is different.
It had to be mutants.
-There's no other explanation.
-Jace, I am begging you.
-You have to move on.
-I made some calls.
Sentinel Services, they
gave me the rundown on you.
Frivolous reports about dead...
They're not dead!
I just saw them.
Mr. Turner, it's time
for you to go home.
It was weird.
Didn't feel like a dream.
CAITLIN:
You saw Andy?
-LAUREN:
He looked older, different.
-Lauren!
Andy, get back!
[yelling]
WOMAN:
Mr. and Mrs. Strucker,
I'm afraid
I have some bad news.
The prognosis is worse
than we expected.
Okay, so...
what's the treatment?
What are our options?
Your liver function is already
seriously affected.
And I'm afraid
we don't have many options
besides... termination.
Oh, God.
But she's five months pregnant.
There must be something.
I'm sorry, Mr. Strucker.
At 20 weeks,
the baby isn't viable.
And carrying it to term
is very risky.
No, this... this is crazy.
I know it's difficult,
but you have to understand.
The pain you're experiencing
will get worse.
There could be severe bleeding,
seizures.
[crying]: But there, there ha--
there has to be a chance.
A successful pregnancy
is technically possible.
Yeah.
But there's a much greater
chance of death for you,
your baby or both of you.
[Caitlin's breath quivers]
[sniffles, sighs]
-[Caitlin sniffles]
-[sighs]
Honey... I am so sorry.
Reed, I'm not gonna do it.
-But you heard the doctor.
-Yes, I did.
And I'm not gonna
lose this baby.
You have
to consider your health.
And Lauren...
we-we don't have
to decide this right now.
[quietly]:
I have already decided.
I am not giving up on our son.
He's gonna make it,
and he is gonna be amazing.
Just like our daughter.
All right.
All right, then.
LAUREN:
That was delicious.
It's been an eventful week.
I thought
I'd make something special.
Or at least
burn something special.
Lauren, your mom and I
have been talking,
and I'm gonna discuss
my powers with John,
see if I can figure this out.
We want you to know
we're also thinking about you.
You don't need to.
I'm fine.
Hey, you don't have to be fine.
I realized,
I have been so focused
on getting your brother back...
REED:
We never considered what
finding Andy might mean to you.
CAITLIN: Your dad told me
about what you said.
The reality of what
you can do together...
REED:
My situation with my powers has
opened my eyes to...
how terrifying it is for you.
CAITLIN:
What we're trying to say is
we're sorry, honey.
I'm sorry, too.
All this time,
I've been so... scared
of what happened,
of the dreams,
what I thought they meant.
But I think I was wrong
about them.
How do you mean?
I think
the dreams are telling me
I need to be the one
that brings Andy home.
ECLIPSE:
You guys need to understand
what we're up against here.
It's not just
the Frosts.
This woman Reeva, she's...
she's powerful.
I mean, she's got a hold
on Andy and Lorna
that's greater than anything
I thought possible.
Andy's 15. She's probably
giving him whatever he wants.
Of course he's caught up
in this...
Caitlin, I saw him.
I talked to him.
I'm telling you,
he's a believer.
And with Lorna, she, uh...
She looked me in the eye,
and she told me she loved me,
and that whatever
they're doing matters more.
Then we need
to find out what that is.
How? We've been
following them for six months,
and all we know is they're
well-hidden and well-funded.
Well, we also know that
they like destroying stuff
and killing people.
But we can't just sit
on our hands
waiting for them to make a move.
She's right.
We know they were hacking
into data cables.
Maybe we can go to Wire.
See if he can-- I don't know--
hack the system,
-find out for us.
-He nearly killed you
and my mom.
BLINK: Yeah. I mean, last time
I checked, he hates you.
You really think
he's gonna cooperate?
Well, if he doesn't, we'll have
to find a way to make him.
Okay, that's dark.
If anyone has a better idea,
I'd love to hear it.
REED:
Hey, John?
Can I have a word?
What's going on?
I need your help with something.
You know
my father's experiments?
When he tried to suppress
the effects of the X-Gene in me?
Yes.
It seems that
he wasn't entirely successful.
What?
You're manifesting powers?
When I've been touching things.
They've been
beginning to crumble
and fall apart, and when
it happens, it's destructive.
I-I have no control.
Okay, well,
it's not unusual to feel like...
Believe me,
it doesn't feelusual.
I don't know if it's related
to what my dad did,
but the headaches,
the way the power accelerates...
Yeah, you need,
you need training.
But I don't have time for that.
I just need it to stop.
You can't, all right? Your-your
powers-- they're a part of you.
They're linked
to your deepest emotions.
Well, then
if I could control them...
No, no. I've seen people try,
all right?
Anxiety medications,
tranquilizers--
it's gonna work
for a little while,
-but you're always...
-That's all I need.
I just need some time
until everything calms down.
You don't want to go down
that road, okay? Trust me.
You need training.
-If this is happening...
-John!
We're ready. Let's go.
You go. You go.
We can, we can talk
about it another time.
It's good.
[groans]
[Blink sighs]
I hated this idea even before
I saw the neighborhood.
This place is sketchy.
-Ah, you didn't have to come.
-Uh-uh.
If you guys are planning
on doing something this stupid,
someone's got to be there
if something goes wrong.
The sooner we get this done,
sooner we're out of here.
Look, I might not be
Wire's favorite person,
but he's a businessman.
A businessman who threatened
to sell you to our enemies.
It wasn't pretty,
but we got what we needed.
Chances are he whines a little,
then he takes the cash.
-That's it.
-And if he doesn't?
Then maybe one
of his hacker buddies might.
They have a whole little nest
in there.
They smoke Kick all day,
they hack into systems
and steal stuff.
Sounds delightful.
Yeah, well,
it's the best chance we have
of saving Lorna and Andy.
Who you said
don't want to be saved.
They have my daughter.
Clarice, it's a long shot,
but it's all we've got.
-[door rattling]
-Come on!
Oh, well. Nice try, guys.
Let's grab a latte
on the way back.
-What do you say?
-Hold up. Hey.
Someone's in there.
Yo! Wire, it's me. It's Marcos.
-[gunshots]
-[groaning]
-Oh, God. John!
-[Thunderbird yells]
Stay back!
[groans]
[grunts]
Just a businessman, huh?!
-No, no, no, no.
-Hey, stop.
We just want to talk.
[groans]
-[grunting]
-Die!
What the hell's
the matter with you?
Hey, hey, put the gun down,
all right? We just want
-to talk to you.
-You got my brother killed.
Talk to this, bitch.
[groaning]
-Aah.
-[groans]
Oh!
Are you okay?
You're the one that got shot.
Oh, I'm fine.
BLINK:
Who the hell is this guy?
-That's Wire's brother.
-Hey, hey.
We got to get out of here
right now.
Yeah, we needed a hacker.
He'll have to do.
Let's go.
-[groaning]
-[siren wailing]
[sighs]
[phone vibrating]
Hello?
MAN:
Is this Jace Turner?
Yeah. Who's this?
Officer Ted Wilson
from the seven-oh-nine.
You came to the precinct?
Yeah. Man, look, I talked to
the sergeant. He made it clear.
I get it. I'll stay away
from the station. Thank you.
Yeah, that's not why
I'm calling.
Okay. Why are you calling?
I, uh...
I heard some of what you said to
the sergeant. I'd like to talk.
What do you want to talk about?
WILSON: Better to explain
in person. It's, um....
It's about the mutant situation.
I think you'll find
we got lots to discuss.
There's a diner nearby,
Melissa's.
Can you meet there at 1:00?
Uh... 1:00?
Yeah. I think
I can make that work.
Good.
I should go.
I'll see you there.
[Thunderbird clears throat,
gasps softly]
The less you squirm,
the faster this goes.
Okay.
-Got it.
-BLINK: Weird.
-Okay.
I thought you were
indestructible.
No. Shotgun at point-blank range
still hurts.
That's what you get for
listening to Marcos's bad ideas.
We don't know if it was
a bad idea yet.
-Maybe the hacker's helping.
-Oh, yeah.
He seemed real eager to please.
Let him try.
Try what?
We've already tried kidnapping.
Have we graduated to torture?
We went to a lot of trouble
to get the information
about the data cables.
Going to see Evangeline.
[sniffs]
You talking to Erg.
Fine. I just...
I don't want anyone who's
not bulletproof getting hurt.
-Wake up.
-[groaning]
-What the hell?
-I'm glad you enjoyed your nap.
We've got a lot to talk about.
Are you eating paint chips?
Do you think
I'm just gonna chat with you?
Yeah, you shot my friend
with a shotgun.
-Three times.
-What the hell
do you expect, man?
My brother just got iced.
Slow down.
What's your name?
It's Graph.
What happened to Wire, huh?
What happened?
I'll tell you what happened.
Three hot triplets
walked into the store.
Wire looks 'em up and down,
then out of nowhere,
he puts a nine-millimeter
in his mouth
-and pulls the trigger.
-And you saw them?
No. Wire came back
from the dead to tell me.
I hacked the security cams.
So your abilities, they're...
they're like
your brother's were, then?
I can break any door
at the code level.
REED:
We need your help.
We can pay.
You think I'm an idiot?
I know what my brother
was doing for you guys.
This chick Reeva Payge,
runs the Inner Circle,
she didn't just come after Wire.
Check this out.
I want to show you something.
This is what she does
to her friends.
Bunch of the old
Hellfire Club folks
got killed, spread around D.C.
Some kind of hostile takeover.
She's got this little project,
and she'll kill anyone
who gets in her way.
So I'm not gonna get in her way.
I don't need my own visit
from the suicide girls.
Please. She took our son.
[mock crying]:
Oh, no.
Your son?
Well, that's awful.
Except I don't care!
As far as I'm concerned,
she can eat your son!
You want to get rough,
we can get rough.
You gonna hit me with another
one of those flashbulbs?
No, but I can melt your eye
out of your skull.
How about that?
-Oh, yeah?
-Yeah.
And how am I supposed to hack
without eyes, genius?!
How's it going?
He has no intention
of helping us.
So it's over?
No. We tried asking nicely.
-Now we'll try something else.
-Like what?
Graph's an addict,
like his brother.
In the ER, I saw addicts
stab themselves
for a scrip of oxycodone.
Past a certain point, a junkie
will do anything for a fix.
Mom.
What are you gonna do?
It's our family, Lauren.
I'll do what I have to.
All right, all right,
how about this?
You let me go, I won't tell
these Inner Circle psychos
that you're after them.
If you want to
get out of here,
you're gonna have to
deal with us.
Actually, you're gonna
have to deal with me.
Are you familiar
with Hypertrexone?
When Kick addicts come in
with an O.D.,
we give them this.
It counteracts the drug,
and it brings them down
in seconds.
The addicts hate it because
they go into immediate
withdrawal.
Can you hold him down?
GRAPH:
Come on.
No.
Get away from me
with that thing.
-Get away!
-All right...
No, please. Please, no.
[groans]
[straining]
[gasping]:
I can't breathe.
[gasping]
Help me find my son!
[cries out]
[Graph screaming]
BLINK:
Wait, Graph's actually helping?
Uh, Caitlin was, uh...
persuasive.
He, uh... he told us
the Inner Circle
were looking at
a mental facility in Bethesda.
You talking about Lynwood?
You know it?
It's more prison than hospital.
They declare mutants
mentally unstable
-and detain 'em without trial.
-How is that legal?
You just get a shrink to say
that they're a danger
to themselves or society.
That's all they need.
When she was young,
a judge put Lorna
into one of those hellholes.
She had nightmares
about it for years.
We don't even know what
they're doing in there.
It's something damn important
if you're gonna convince Lorna
to set foot
in a place like that.
[Graph cries out]
Guess we'll find out
soon enough.
I gave you what you wanted.
Now, please, I'm sick.
We need you to find out
what they're doing.
How am I supposed to do that?
We just need you to access
the hospital's network.
Look at me, man.
I have the shakes.
You gonna let her do this to me?
I didn't do this to you.
You did it to yourself.
I didn't put the Kick pipe
in your mouth.
Oh, please spare me the personal
responsibility debate, okay.
I'm about to throw up
on myself here.
You want it to end?
Then find out
what they're doing
at Lynwood Hospital.
I can get into
the hospital's system,
but I can't promise I can find
anything on your friends.
REED:
What are we looking at here?
It's a bunch of crap.
They got terabytes of data
on what time people
took their pills,
and how many carrots
they had for dinner.
-I can't find what you want.
-Then look harder.
Look, I can't find something
that's not there, okay?!
Look, I don't know
if Reeva is looking for
somebody else to try and murder,
or maybe she realized
they need psychiatric help or...
Whoa.
Whoa? What's whoa?
Somebody built a backdoor
to the hospital SCADA system.
Did a nice job, too.
All comm systems are down.
Nothing in or out.
When? When did this happen?
GRAPH:
Uh, it looks like
it went into emergency mode
12 minutes ago.
12 minutes? Then...
Whatever they're doing,
it's happening right now.
REED:
They disabled communications.
That's all we know so far.
Graph's gonna get into
their security system.
We'll let you know
if he finds something.
Do we have a plan? I mean,
other than just driving up to
the hospital/prison thing
and knocking on the door?
This is the best lead we've had
in the last six months;
I'm not letting it
slip through our fingers.
Mom, Dad... Andy's there.
We don't know who he's with.
It could be dangerous.
-They can handle it.
-Andy and I are connected.
If anyone can get through
to him, it's me.
[truck engine starts]
We got to move.
Go.
Bring your brother back safe.
[line ringing]
PAULA [on phone]:
You have to stop calling, Jace.
Baby, you're upset.
I totally get it, okay.
Just hear me out. I got
a meeting with this-this cop.
I'm making progress.
I just need you to bear with me
for a little bit longer.
PAULA:
Jace, stop.
We can't just give up, Paula.
It's not about giving up.
It's about moving on.
JACE: That's exactly why
I need to see this through,
so I can move on.
So I can be
the husband you deserve.
PAULA:
All I need
is a husband who's with me.
A husband who is really with me.
I will be, Paula.
You know that I will be.
When the job is done,
I promise I will be.
Jace...
...the job will never be done.
Don't...
I mean, you act like
I'm doing this for myself.
You think I'm doing this
for myself?
[sighs]
I'm doing this for Grace.
And for every other little kid
just like her.
PAULA [voice breaking]:
Grace is gone.
I love her, and I always will...
but I have to start
living again.
Paula. Paula...
-Stop calling.
-Don't say that.
Don't say that.
Listen to me, I love you.
Please.
Paula...
[punches wall]
[retching]
Get us into the security system.
Are you blind?
You put me in withdrawal.
I'm puking into a trash can,
and you want me to freaking
commandeer a security system?
Cait, I think this has gone
far enough.
[Graph spits]
What if I make you better?
What the hell are you
talking about?
This is Hypercortisone D.
It's the pharmaceutical version
of Kick.
If I give you some, can you
get us into the system?
-Are you serious?
-What are you doing?
Our children are out there.
Our friends are in danger.
You've taken him down, and now
you're gonna get him high?
I don't even recognize you.
You're shooting up a junkie
to get him to do what you want.
You're a nurse.
I am a nurse,
but I am a mother first.
I have been fighting for Andy
since before he was born.
I'm sure as hell not about
to give up now.
What do you say?
Yeah. Hit me.
Okay.
[laughs]
Wow. Whoa.
Wow. That stuff is amazing.
[panting]
-Graph, focus.
-[groans]
GRAPH: I can feel the whole
system. [laughs, moans]
There...
there's the security cams.
They're live.
CAITLIN:
What's happening?
Why is the staff running?
REED: It looks like
lockdown procedures.
CAITLIN:
Oh, God.
The Frosts.
REED:
And Lorna?
Oh, my God.
[tires squealing]
REED [on radio]:
Looks like the Inner Circle
took over the facility.
They took out the guards.
They're rounding up staff.
Where are they?
REED:
I-I can't tell.
We're just tapping into
random security feeds.
-Who's there?
-REED: Lorna, the Frosts.
But there may be
others there, too.
At least there's only
one road in.
You two cover the front,
make sure they can't get away.
Clarice and I will go in
and look for them.
ECLIPSE:
We got this.
I can't get much but most of the
activity's on the east side.
See the window there?
If you can get us inside...
When we cross, keep your head
down, you get to cover fast.
Be ready for anything.
♪
What the hell?
[faint moaning nearby]
Well, this is a lot more
depressing than I imagined.
The patients are all
on lockdown.
Most of them look
heavily sedated, too.
Did Lorna really spend time
in a place like this?
Yeah. She was a teenager.
It might have been for good,
but someone made a call.
Word was,
it was her birth father.
But she was locked up
long enough.
Well, wherever she is,
I'm sure she's gonna be
all kinds of triggered.
What's going on?
Why aren't the cops here?
Well, it sounds like they had
Sage kill the alarms,
the landlines...
Lorna probably jammed
the cell phones,
then they just went to town.
Look, Clarice wasn't wrong.
If we find them,
this may end up in a fight,
and you need to be ready for it.
You really think
they'd fight us?
Lauren, I know they will.
Andy wouldn't hurt me.
There's something
I didn't tell your parents.
When Reeva attacked me...
I'd never felt anything like it.
I couldn't think;
I couldn't control my powers.
I was... dying.
And Andy just stood there.
Watching.
No. No.
-He's probably scared.
-Scared? No.
Lauren, I'm sorry.
He has changed.
Listen.
That night his powers
first came on,
I could feel him in that gym.
-[screaming]
-Andy! Andy!
I remember his face...
so terrified, so sorry.
And then he saw me,
and it stopped.
Andy, look at me!
-Look at me. It's me.
-Lauren.
He is my brother.
I can get through to him.
[indistinct chatter]
Thanks for doing this.
Haven't done anything yet.
Just trying to find out
what this is about.
Fair enough.
First off, I want to apologize
for what happened
at the precinct.
Fact is, we need more folks
like you.
What? More disgraced Sentinel
Service guys living in motels?
After what the mutants did
to your daughter,
to your partner... you get it.
You see the mutant threat
for what it is.
We need that.
We? What are you, what are you
talking about? Who's we?
[scoffs]
You're with the Purifiers?
That's right.
And they're with me.
Yeah, look, no offense, um,
I don't think I'm down
to join a...
What? A hate group?
[chuckles]
I get it.
You hear the lies in the media
about how we're all bigots.
But fact is, we're regular folk
who love our species,
our country and our families.
Yeah, um, I appreciate it,
but, uh, you know,
it's the whole secret society
thing, the outfits.
It's not really my jam, so...
If you, uh, change your mind...
Coffee's on me.
Right.
[screaming]
They were taking prisoners.
Pushed everyone this way.
I hate to bring up
a touchy subject,
but when are we going
to admit to ourselves
that Andy and Lorna
are the bad guys here?
Lorna was been with me
since the beginning
on the Mutant Underground.
And now she's with them.
We have to be prepared.
Evangeline said that
you'll have to kill them...
I know what she said, all right?
Okay, just listen,
I'm on your side, okay?
[rumbling]
-What was that?
-It was some kind of blast.
Doesn't sound like
conventional explosives, though.
So now they're
blowing the place up?
No. No, it's Andy.
-I can feel it.
-The hell is going on in there?
We're working on it.
Give me the security feed
for the lowest floor.
The basement.
CAITLIN:
What is it?
I used to go to places like this
when I was a prosecutor.
They keep the mutants
they can't control with collars
in secure rooms underground.
If they're blasting something,
the chances are
they're down there.
Trying to free someone.
But who?
What can you get us?
I'm not a remote control.
All the data coming out
of this place is encrypted.
Just hang on.
[grunts]
Ugh, damn it.
What's happening?
Someone's blocking me.
They know I'm in the system.
-Some kind of hacker.
-Sage.
John, John. They know that
we're in the computer system.
-They know you're there.
-Hey, you got to give us
something, all right?
REED: I think they're down
in the basement.
In the maximum security area.
This just keeps getting
better and better.
We need to see inside.
Get us video of that explosion.
Get us into the basement now!
I just told you,
someone's blocking me. I can't.
Um...
What if I give you more?
Can you fight her off?
[laughs softly]
I don't know.
I'm already pretty juiced.
-Cait!
-We are not losing Andy.
Not now.
Not when we're this close.
Look...
If you give us what we need,
you leave with this,
and whatever's left
in the clinic.
Yes or no?
They kill your brother
and you just back down?
Yeah. Give it to me.
I can take this chick.
[exhaling]:
Yeah.
All right. Okay. I got it.
I just need to get ahead
of the encryption.
Yeah! That's for Wire.
Basement cams are live.
CAITLIN [panting]:
Okay.
Oh! Andy.
All right.
We're in the basement.
Which way are they?
REED: The high security area's
up ahead.
We'll get you through that door.
[lock clicks]
And now there's
a second door up ahead.
They're in the wing
just beyond that.
Can you get us through?
Yeah, baby.
-Wait.
-John.
What are you gonna do
if you catch them?
We can't just let 'em leave.
Lorna! Lorna!
I-I know that it must hurt...
being here.
But just talk to us!
Oh, boy. This is bad.
[gasps]
[shrieks]
[screaming]
[grunts]
We got to move.
Wait, they're killing
each other.
Andy and Lorna are right there.
We can't just leave
these people here.
[groans]
[shouts] All right.
Open a portal.
We'll get 'em out.
Come on. Come on.
-Where'd they go?
-Give me the camera
for the elevators
and the stairs.
CAITLIN:
Where did Andy and Lorna go?
They can't have disappeared.
It's all right. I got this.
I got eyes everywhere.
There.
GRAPH [laughing]:
Yeah!
There we go.
-Marcos.
-What's happening?
CAITLIN [on radio]:
They released all the patients
to cover their escape.
Where are John and Clarice?
It's chaos in there.
You have to stop Andy and Lorna.
Where are they now?
They're on the loading dock.
In the back. They're getting
into a silver Hummer.
ECLIPSE:
We'll head them off at the gate.
Keep eyes on them, all right?
CAITLIN:
Yeah, yeah.
-We will.
-[Graph groaning]
REED:
Graph!
Andy, Lorna, they have a patient
with them, but I can't see who.
[Graph grunts]
Cait, you gave him too much.
He's overdosing.
He's dying.
He's having a heart attack.
Lay him flat.
[groaning]
ECLIPSE:
John! Where are you?
What's going on in there?
THUNDERBIRD: The patients are
tearing the place apart, man.
We're trying to save
the ones we can.
ECLIPSE:
Looks like we're on our own.
LAUREN:
Here they come.
-What are you doing?
-We have to stop them.
No, not like that.
You could blow up the car.
We can't let them get away!
Marcos, your daughter's mother
is in there.
Let me do this!
You better.
[screeching]
[straining]
[shouts]
Andy.
Andy, it's you.
It's not too late.
Get out of the way.
Your hair, it's the same
as in my dreams.
You've been having them, too,
haven't you?
Andy, it means something.
Something about us.
It doesn't matter.
Yes, it does.
We belong together.
-We're family.
-Get out of the way.
No.
I'm here to take you home.
Andy, I know you're scared...
I'm not scared!
Not anymore.
Now move!
I can't do that.
Well, I'm sorry.
Andy, Andy.
Andy. Andy, no! No!
[sirens approaching]
[engine starts]
[defibrillator whines, zaps]
[gasping, wheezing]
Help me get him on his side.
We need to keep
his airway clear.
He'll be okay.
Okay?
Cait, his heart stopped.
Our daughter is out there
trying to bring Andy home to...
to this?
How are we any different
from the people
that we're trying
to save him from?
But Andy...
You saw what they made him do.
Cait...
I saw what you saw.
He-he was smiling.
Nobody made Andy do anything.
I'm gonna go get him
some saline.
NEWSWOMAN: ...hostages
inside the hospital...
-What's going on?
-Look.
-We are here today
to confess that
we have willingly...
w-willingly participated
in the unlawful imprisonment
and torture of innocent mutants.
We are guilty of war crimes.
Do not pity us.
As we have made others suffer,
so we suffer...
They can't be serious.
They expect people to believe
this was about mutant rights?
Plenty of people already do.
It's all over social media.
#Mutantuprising.
It's about to get hot out there.
NEWSWOMAN:
In breaking news,
we are watching the chilling
images of a forced confession
by the personnel at Lynwood...
[shouting]
MAN:
Come on!
THUNDERBIRD:
All hell's breaking loose.
The cops are gonna be here soon.
[over radio]: We're taking as
many of the injured as we can.
What about Andy?
Uh, they got away.
They took at least
one patient with 'em,
we couldn't stop 'em.
How? You were right there.
You were practically
on top of them.
People were gonna die,
Caitlin, all right?
We did everything we could.
Right now, we have
other issues to deal with.
-I got some bad news.
-CAITLIN: Bad news?
What do you mean?
What else could be...
It's Lauren.
She got hit pretty hard.
She's unconscious.
I'm sorry.
It was Andy.
♪ It's alright, it's alright
♪ You see the fault lines
♪ You start panicking
♪ It's alright, it's alright
♪ You confide in the low light
♪ You're so kind
♪ You're caught up
in the crossfire ♪
♪ It's alright, it's alright
MAN [on TV]: ...willingly...
willingly participated...
♪ Don't get dragged through
♪ Don't be consumed
♪ It's alright, it's alright
♪ It's alright, it's alright.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
It's time to pick a side
onThe Gifted.
Here are a few more shows
to check out from Fox.
Buckle up, buttercup.
It's real, and it pulls
people together.
-♪ We're breaking waves
shooting stars♪
-[siren wailing]
♪ We live for glory
not forever♪
MAN: Touchdown!
♪ Reach out♪
♪ Make this right here
right now♪
♪ Stand up♪
♪ Here right now♪
That sounds like fun.